v1.5.0-rc.1 release notes (#6397)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.5.0-rc.1.md

Example Spicepod.yml where search results will consider both the Github issue's title and the content of its body.

```yaml
datasets:
  - from: github:github.com/apache/datafusion/issues
    name: datafusion.issues
    params:
      github_token: ${secrets:GITHUB_TOKEN}
    columns:
      - name: title
        embeddings:
          - from: hf_minilm
      - name: body
        embeddings:
          - from: openai_embeddings
```

**AWS Bedrock Embeddings Model Provider**: Added support for AWS Bedrock embedding models, including [Amazon Titan Text Embeddings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/service_code_examples_bedrock-runtime_amazon_titan_text_embeddings.html) and Cohere Text Embeddings.

Example Spicepod.yaml:

```yaml
embeddings:
  - from: bedrock:cohere.embed-english-v3
    name: cohere-embeddings
    params:
      aws_region: us-east-1
      input_type: search_document
      truncate: END

  - from: bedrock:amazon.titan-embed-text-v2:0
    name: titan-embeddings
    params:
      aws_region: us-east-1
      dimensions: '256'
```

> For more details, refer to the [AWS Bedrock Embedding Models Documentation](TBD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to the [AWS Bedrock Embedding Models Documentation](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/embeddings/bedrock).
```
